Paper: Pylira: deconvolution of images in the presence of Poisson noise (#709)
scipy-conference/scipy_proceedings: papers/donath/donath-pylira.rst

:orcid: 0000-0002-3869-7996

:author: Douglas Burke
:email: dburke@cfa.harvard.edu
:institution: Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian

:author: Karthik Reddy Solipuram
:institution: University of Maryland Baltimore County

:author: David van Dyk
:institution: Imperial College London

:bibliography: mybib

:video: -

----------------------------------------------------------------
Pylira: deconvolution of images in the presence of Poisson noise
----------------------------------------------------------------

.. class:: abstract

    All physical and astronomical imaging observations are degraded by the limited angular
    resolution of the camera and telescope systems. The recovery of the true image is limited by
    both how well the instrument characteristics are known and by the magnitude of measurement noise.
    In the case of a high signal to noise ratio data, the image can be sharpened or “deconvolved” robustly
    by using established standard methods such the Richardson-Lucy method. However the situation changes for rare
    sparse data and the low signal to noise regime, where deconvolution leads inevitably to an amplification

>     of noise and poorly reconstructed images. However the results in this regime can be improved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    of noise and poorly reconstructed images. However, the results in this regime can be improved
```

Reviewer: Here and in the following, consider adding commas when using conjunctions in situations like `However, the results …` , `Despite this, we have that`, … Since I am not a native speaker, I am unsure of the technical term that best describes these reduced clauses. It would however make the text easier to read and help future readers to find the boundary of your clauses!

Author: Done consistently...will leave the suggestion un-merged.

    by making use of prior assumptions. One proposed method is the LIRA algorithm, which
    requires smoothness of the reconstructed image at multiple scales. In this contribution we
    introduce a new python package called *Pylira*, which exposes the original C implementation
    of the LIRA algorithm to Python users. We briefly describe the package structure, development

>     setup and show a Chandra as well as Fermi-LAT analysis example.

Reviewer: Since this is intended for general audience, it would be great to replace the references to Chandra and Fermi-LAT by a one or two-word description of what they observe, e.g.
```suggestion
    setup and present a practical analysis example on X-ray observations of the galactic center.
```

Author: I added two short sentences for each of the telescopes.

.. class:: keywords

   deconvolution, point spread function, poisson, low counts, x-ray, gamma-ray

Introduction
------------
Any physical and astronomical imaging process is affected by the limited

> angular resolution of the instrument or telescope. In addition the quality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
angular resolution of the instrument or telescope. In addition, the quality
```

of the resulting image is also degraded by background or instrumental
measurement noise and non-uniform exposure.
For short wavelengths and associated low intensities
of the signal, the imaging process consists in recording individual photons arriving from
a source of interest, often called "events".

> This imaging process is typically for x-ray and gamma-ray telescopes, but is also found

Reviewer: Consider replacing occurrences of `x-ray` by `X-ray`, in agreement with I believe is the most common notation. I am however not an expert in X-ray observation, so please do ignore this recommendation if you think `x-ray` should be lowercased.

Author: My personal preference here is to use the lowercase version "x-ray", but only because it seems for consistent with "gamma ray" or "radio waves". I'm not sure if there is convention at all...

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/scipy-conference/scipy_proceedings/pull/709#discussion_r892282667

in magnetic resonance imaging or fluorescence microscopy.

> For each individual photon the incident direction and energy is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each individual photon, the incident direction and energy is
```

> For each individual photon the incident direction and energy is
> measured. Based on this information the event can be histogramed
> into two dimensional data structures to form an actual image.

Reviewer: Though I understand the meaning of histogramed, wouldn't it be better to find a more common alternative, like `binned`?
```suggestion
For each individual photon, the incident direction and energy is
measured. Based on this information, the event can be histogramed
into two-dimensional data structures to form an actual image.
```

> Because of the low intensities associated recording of individual

Reviewer: I would suggest swapping the beginning and end of the sentence so that the paragraph doesn't start by “Because”:
```suggestion
The measured signal follows Poisson statistics, as a consequence of the low intensities associated recording of individual events.
```

> Because of the low intensities associated recording of individual

Reviewer: Consider swapping the beginning and end of the sentence so that the paragraph doesn't start by “Because” 
```suggestion
The measured signal follows Poisson statistics, as a consequence of the low intensities associated recording of individual events.
```

events, the measured signal follows Poisson statistics. This imposes

> a non-linear relationship between the measured signal and true

Reviewer: Should it be `and the true underlying intensity`?

Reviewer: This is still pending!

> a non-linear relationship between the measured signal and true

Reviewer: Should it be `and the true underlying intensity`?

underlying intensity as well as a coupling of the signal with the
measurement noise. Any statistically correct post-processing

> or reconstruction method of thus requires are

Reviewer: This sentence is ill-constructed, there must be a typo.

careful treatment of the Poisson nature of the measured image.

> To maximise the scientific use of the data is is often desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maximise the scientific use of the data, it is often desired
```

> To maximise the scientific use of the data is is often desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maximise the scientific use of the data, it is often desired
```

> To maximise the scientific use of the data is is often desired

Reviewer: There is a typo here
```suggestion
To maximise the scientific use of the data, it is often desired
```

to correct the degradation introduced by the imaging process.
Besides correction for non-uniform exposure and background

> noise this also includes the correction for the "blurring"

Reviewer: Here and in the following, there are two different kind of quotes in use: regular ones like here `"…"` and curly ones, like in the abstract `“…”`. I would recommend using the latter throughout the text.

introduced by the point spread function (PSF) of the
instrument, often called "deconvolution". Depending on whether
the PSF of the instrument is known, one distinguishes between
the "blind deconvolution" and "non blind deconvolution" process.
For astronomical observations the PSF can often either be

> simulated, given a model of the detector or inferred

Reviewer: Consider surrounding with a comma
```suggestion
simulated, given a model of the detector, or inferred
```

> simulated, given a model of the detector or inferred

Reviewer: Consider surrounding with a comma
```suggestion
simulated, given a model of the detector, or inferred
```

directly from the data by observing far distant objects,
which appear as point source to the instrument.

While in other branches of astronomy deconvolution methods are already part
of the standard analysis, such as the CLEAN algorithm for radio data, this
is not the case for x-ray and gamma-ray astronomy. As any deconvolution method
aims to enhance small scale structures in an image it becomes increasingly
hard to solve for the regime of low signal to noise ratio.
State of the art de-blurring algorithms based on deep convolutional neural networks
show exceptional results on conventional image data,
but they cannot be straightforwardly applied to astronomical counts data,
because of a lack of ground truth and training data in general.

Deconvolution Methods
---------------------

> Richardson-Lucy

Reviewer: Consider specifying this section is about an algorithm, e.g.
```suggestion
Richardson-Lucy algorithm
```

Author: I'm considering renaming the section completely as the focus is actually on the formulation of the statistical model and not the RL as one of the possible ways to solve it...

    of noise and poorly reconstructed images. However, the results in this regime can be improved
    by making use of prior assumptions. One proposed method is the LIRA algorithm, which
    requires smoothness of the reconstructed image at multiple scales. In this contribution we
    introduce a new python package called *Pylira*, which exposes the original C implementation
    of the LIRA algorithm to Python users. We briefly describe the package structure, development
    setup and show a Chandra as well as Fermi-LAT analysis example.

.. class:: keywords

   deconvolution, point spread function, poisson, low counts, x-ray, gamma-ray

Introduction
------------
Any physical and astronomical imaging process is affected by the limited
angular resolution of the instrument or telescope. In addition, the quality
of the resulting image is also degraded by background or instrumental
measurement noise and non-uniform exposure.
For short wavelengths and associated low intensities
of the signal, the imaging process consists of recording individual photons
(often called "events") originating from a source of interest.

> This imaging process is typical for x-ray and gamma-ray telescopes, but is also found

Reviewer 2: I agree with @cphyc [comment](https://github.com/scipy-conference/scipy_proceedings/pull/709#discussion_r890426345): please consider referring to X-ray telescopes.
A quick search on the NASA Astrophysical Data Service gives you the upper case version as the most common version for [X-ray](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/search/q=%20title%3A%22x-ray%22&sort=date%20desc%2C%20bibcode%20desc&p_=0)

Author: I agree. Findability in NASA ADS is a fair argument...

Besides correction for non-uniform exposure and background
noise this also includes the correction for the "blurring"
introduced by the point spread function (PSF) of the
instrument, often called "deconvolution". Depending on whether
the PSF of the instrument is known, one distinguishes between
the "blind deconvolution" and "non blind deconvolution" process.
For astronomical observations the PSF can often either be
simulated, given a model of the detector, or inferred
directly from the data by observing far distant objects,
which appear as point source to the instrument.

While in other branches of astronomy deconvolution methods are already part
of the standard analysis, such as the CLEAN algorithm for radio data, this
is not the case for x-ray and gamma-ray astronomy. As any deconvolution method
aims to enhance small scale structures in an image it becomes increasingly
hard to solve for the regime of low signal to noise ratio.
State of the art de-blurring algorithms based on deep convolutional neural networks
show exceptional results on conventional image data,
but they cannot be straightforwardly applied to astronomical counts data,

> because of a lack of ground truth and training data in general.

Reviewer 2: A number of archived X-ray or gamma-ray surveys are available as training data.
In my understanding the goal of the proceeding is to show how Pylira works and performs on the data: if bibliographic references to comparisons with deep learning techniques are not available, you might consider to withdraw the sentence.

This imaging process is typical for X-ray and gamma-ray telescopes, but is also found
in magnetic resonance imaging or fluorescence microscopy.
For each individual photon, the incident direction, energy
and arrival time is measured. Based on this information the
event can be binned into two dimensional data structures to
form an actual image.

As a consequence of the low intensities associated to the recording of individual events,
the measured signal follows Poisson statistics. This imposes
a non-linear relationship between the measured signal and true
underlying intensity as well as a coupling of the signal intensity
to the the signal variance. Any statistically correct post-processing
or reconstruction method of thus requires a careful treatment of
the Poisson nature of the measured image.

To maximise the scientific use of the data, it is often desired
to correct the degradation introduced by the imaging process.
Besides correction for non-uniform exposure and background
noise this also includes the correction for the "blurring"
introduced by the point spread function (PSF) of the
instrument. Where the latter process is often called "deconvolution".

> Depending on whether the PSF of the instrument is known,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on whether the PSF of the instrument is known or not,
```

follows a Poisson distribution, the total likelihood of obtaining the
measured image from a model image of the expected counts :math:`\lambda_i` with
:math:`N` pixels is given by:

.. math::
   :label: poisson

   \mathcal{L}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \prod_i^N \frac{{e^{ - d_i } \lambda_i ^ {d_i}}}{{d_i!}}

By taking the logarithm and dropping the constant terms one can transform the
product into a sum over pixels, which is also often called the *Cash* :cite:`Cash1979`
fit statistics:

.. math::
   :label: cash

   \mathcal{C}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \sum_i^N \lambda_i - d_i \log{\lambda_i}

Where the expected counts :math:`\lambda_i` are given by the convolution of the true underlying
flux distribution :math:`x_i` with the PSF :math:`p_k`:

.. math::
   :label: simplemodel

   \lambda_i = \sum_k x_i p_{i - k}

This operation is often called "forward modelling" or "forward folding" with the instrument response.

Richardson Lucy (RL)
++++++++++++++++++++
To obtain the most likely model given the data one searches a minimum of the total likelihood
function, or equivalently of :math:`\mathcal{C}`. This high dimensional optimization problem

> can e.g., be solved by a classic gradient decent approach. Assuming the pixels values :math:`x_i`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can e.g., be solved by a classic gradient descent approach. Assuming the pixels values :math:`x_i`
```
Here and in two other occurrences.

of the true image as independent parameters, one can take the derivative of the Eq.  :ref:`cash`
with respect to the individual :math:`x_i`. This way one obtains a rule for how to update the
current set of pixels :math:`\mathbf{x}_n` in each iteration of the optimization:

.. math::
   :label: rl

   \mathbf{x}_{n + 1}  = \mathbf{x}_{n} -\alpha \cdot \frac{\partial \mathcal{C}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{x} \right)}{\partial x_i}

Where :math:`\alpha` is a factor to define the step size. This method is in general
equivalent to the gradient decent and backpropagation methods used in modern machine
learning techniques. This basic principle of solving the deconvolution problem for
images with Poisson noise was proposed by :cite:`Richardson1972` and :cite:`Lucy1974`.
Their method, named after the original authors, is often known as the *Richardson & Lucy* (RL)
method. It was shown by :cite:`Richardson1972` that this converges to a maximum
likelihood solution of Eq. :ref:`cash`. A Python implementation of the standard RL method
is available e.g. in the `Scikit-Image` package :cite:`skimage`.

Instead of the iterative, gradient decent based optimization it is also possible to sample from

> the likelihood function using a simple Metropolis-Hastings approach. This is demonstrated

Reviewer 2: It is relevant to add a reference here for the Metropolis-Hastings approach.
I can find the original one:
https://doi.org/10.1063/1.1699114
and the generalized
https://doi.org/10.1093/biomet/57.1.97

Author: Thanks I added a reference to the generalized MH approach. Which seems the appropriate one here.

a Dirichlet distribution is introduced as a prior:

.. math::
   :label: dirichlet

    \phi_k \propto \mathrm{Dirichlet}(\alpha_k, \alpha_k, \alpha_k, \alpha_k)

And multiplied across all 2x2 groups and resolution levels :math:`k`.
For each resolution level a parameter :math:`\alpha_k` is introduced,
which represents the number of "prior counts" added to this resolution level,
equally to each pixel, which effectively results in a smoothing
of the image at the given resolution level. The distribution
of `\alpha` values at each resolution level is described
by a hyper-prior distribution:

.. math::
   :label: hyperprior

    p(\alpha_k) = \exp{-\delta \alpha^3 / 3}

Resulting in a fully hierarchical Bayesian model. A more complete and
detailed description of the prior definition is given in :cite:`Esch2004`.

.. figure:: images/ms-levels.png
   :scale: 80%
   :figclass: bht

   The image illustrates the multi-scale decomposition used in the LIRA prior for
   a 4x4 pixels example image. Each quadrant of 2x2 sub-images is labelled with
   :math:`Q_N`. The sub-pixels in each quadrant are labelled :math:`\Lambda_{ij}`.
   :label:`ms-levels`.

> The problem is then solved by using a "hyprid" Gibbs MCMC sampling approach. For

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be 
```suggestion
The problem is then solved by using a "hybrid" Gibbs MCMC sampling approach. For
```
?

each iteration of sampling an image :math:`x_i`, the :math:`\alpha_k` parameters are optimized

> using a Newton method and thus "marginalized". After a "burn-in" phase the sampling

Reviewer 2: Does "marginalized" really need quotes? The marginalization process is well defined in probabilistic theory.

users are familiar with Python in general and more specifically *Numpy*.
A typical complete usage example of the *Pylira* package is shown in the
following:

.. code-block:: python
   :linenos:

    import numpy as np
    from pylira import LIRADeconvolver
    from pylira.data import point_source_gauss_psf

    # create example dataset
    data = point_source_gauss_psf()

    # define initial flux image
    data["flux_init"] = data["flux"]

    deconvolve = LIRADeconvolver(
        n_iter_max=3_000,
        n_burn_in=500,
        alpha_init=np.ones(5)
    )

    result = deconvolve.run(data=data)

    # plot pixel traces, result shown in Figure 3
    result.plot_pixel_traces_region(
        center_pix=(16, 16), radius_pix=3
    )

    # plot pixel traces, result shown in Figure 4
    result.plot_parameter_traces()

    # finally serialise the result
    result.write("result.fits")

The main interface is exposed via the :code:`LIRADeconvolver` class, which takes the configuration of
the algorithm on initialisation. Typical configuration parameters include the total number of
iterations :code:`n_iter_max` and the number of "burn-in" iterations, to be excluded from the

> posterior mean computation. The data, which represented by a simple Python :code:`dict` data structure,

Reviewer 2: Should it be
```suggestion
posterior mean computation. The data, represented by a simple Python :code:`dict` data structure,
```
?

   shows the circular region defining the neighboring pixels. The blue line on the right plot shows the trace
   of the pixel of interest. The solid horizontal orange lines show the mean value, the shaded orange area
   the :math:`1~\sigma` error region. The burn in phase is shown in transparent blue and ignored while computing
   the mean. The shaded gray lines show the traces of the neighboring pixels.  :label:`diagnosis1`

To validate the quality of the results *Pylira* provide many built-in diagnostic plots.
One of these diagnostic plot is shown in the right panel of Fig. :ref:`diagnosis1`. The plot shows the
image sampling trace for a single pixel of interest and its surrounding circular region of interest.
This visualisation allows user to asses the stability of a small region in the image
e.g. an astronomical point source during the MCMC sampling process. Due to the correlation with
neighbouring pixels the actual value of a pixel might vary in the sampling process, which appears
as "dips" in the trace of the pixel of interested and anti-correlated "peaks" in the one or mutiple

> of the surrounding pixels. In the this example a stable state of the pixels of interest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the surrounding pixels. In the example a stable state of the pixels of interest
```

region. In this case the algorithm show stable convergence after a burn-in phase of approximately 200
iterations for the log-posterior as well as all of the multi-scale smoothing parameters.

Astronomical Analysis Examples
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Both in the X-ray as well as gamma-ray regime the The Galactic Center is a complex emission
region. It shows point sources, extended sources as well as underlying diffuse emission and
thus represents a challenge for any astronomical data analysis. *Chandra* is a spaced based
X-ray observatory, which is in operation since 1999. It consists of nested cylindrical paraboloid
and hyperboloid surfaces, which form an imaging optical system for X-rays. In the focal plane
it has multiple instruments for different scientific purposes. This includes a high resolution
camera (HRC) and an Advanced CCD Imaging Spectrometer (ACIS). The typical angular resolution
is 0.5 arcsecond and the covered energy ranges from 0.1 - 10 keV.

Figure :ref:`chandra-gc` shows the result of the *Pylira* algorithm applied to Chandra data
of the Galactic center region between 0.5 and 7 keV. The PSF was obtained from simulations

> using the official Chandra science tools *ciao 4.14* and the *simulate_psf* tool.

Reviewer 2: References for *CIAO* are missing: a reference to *CIAO* is at least available from ascl.net.
Also, please, clarify that *psf_simulate* is a tool from *CIAO* (https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/ciao/ahelp/simulate_psf.html) not an independent software.

The algorithm achieves both an improved spatial resolution as well as a reduced noise
level and higher contrast of the image in the right panel compared to the unprocessed
counts data shown in the left panel.

.. figure:: images/pylira-chandra-gc.pdf
   :scale: 70%
   :figclass: w

   Pylira applied to Chandra data from the Galactic center region, using the observation IDs
   *4684* and *4684*. The image on the left shows the raw observed counts between
   0.5 and 7 keV. The image on the right shows the deconvolved version. The LIRA hyperprior
   values were chosen as *ms\_al\_kap1=1, ms\_al\_kap2=0.02, ms\_al\_kap3=1*.
   No baseline background model was taken into account.  :label:`chandra-gc`

As second example we use data from the Fermi Large Area Telescope (LAT). The Fermi-LAT
is a satellite-based an imaging gamma-ray detector, which covers and energy range
of 20 MeV to >300 GeV. The angular resolution varies strongly with energy and ranges
from 0.1 to >10 degree [#]_.

Figure :ref:`fermi-gc` shows the result of the *Pylira*
algorithm applied to Fermi-LAT data above 1 GeV to the region around the Galactic Center. The PSF

> was obtained form the official Fermitools v2.0.19 and the *gtpsf* tool.

Reviewer 2: Same here: please cite a reference for Fermitools. *gtpsf* is a tool from Fermitools.

Author: Done

:video: -

----------------------------------------------------------------
Pylira: deconvolution of images in the presence of Poisson noise
----------------------------------------------------------------

.. class:: abstract

    All physical and astronomical imaging observations are degraded by the finite angular
    resolution of the camera and telescope systems. The recovery of the true image is limited by
    both how well the instrument characteristics are known and by the magnitude of measurement noise.
    In the case of a high signal to noise ratio data, the image can be sharpened or “deconvolved” robustly
    by using established standard methods such as the Richardson-Lucy method. However, the situation changes
    for sparse data and the low signal to noise regime, such as those frequently encountered in
    X-ray and gamma-ray astronomy, where deconvolution leads inevitably to an amplification
    of noise and poorly reconstructed images. However, the results in this regime can be improved
    by making use of physically meaningful prior assumptions and statistically principled
    modeling techniques. One proposed method is the LIRA algorithm, which

>     requires smoothness of the reconstructed image at multiple scales. In this contribution we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    requires smoothness of the reconstructed image at multiple scales. In this contribution, we
```

    introduce a new python package called *Pylira*, which exposes the original C implementation
    of the LIRA algorithm to Python users. We briefly describe the package structure, development
    setup and show a Chandra as well as Fermi-LAT analysis example.

.. class:: keywords

   deconvolution, point spread function, poisson, low counts, X-ray, gamma-ray

Introduction
------------
Any physical and astronomical imaging process is affected by the limited
angular resolution of the instrument or telescope. In addition, the quality
of the resulting image is also degraded by background or instrumental
measurement noise and non-uniform exposure.
For short wavelengths and associated low intensities
of the signal, the imaging process consists of recording individual photons
(often called "events") originating from a source of interest.
This imaging process is typical for X-ray and gamma-ray telescopes,
but images taken by magnetic resonance imaging or fluorescence microscopy
show Poisson noise too.
For each individual photon, the incident direction, energy

> and arrival time is measured. Based on this information the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and arrival time is measured. Based on this information, the
```

event can be binned into two dimensional data structures to
form an actual image.

As a consequence of the low intensities associated to the recording of individual events,
the measured signal follows Poisson statistics. This imposes
a non-linear relationship between the measured signal and true
underlying intensity as well as a coupling of the signal intensity

> to the the signal variance. Any statistically correct post-processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the signal variance. Any statistically correct post-processing
```

or reconstruction method thus requires a careful treatment of
the Poisson nature of the measured image.

To maximise the scientific use of the data, it is often desired
to correct the degradation introduced by the imaging process.
Besides correction for non-uniform exposure and background
noise this also includes the correction for the "blurring"
introduced by the point spread function (PSF) of the

> instrument. Where the latter process is often called "deconvolution".

Reviewer: Should this be the continuation of the previous sentence?

Depending on whether the PSF of the instrument is known or not,
one distinguishes between the "blind deconvolution" and
"non blind deconvolution" process. For astronomical

> observations the PSF can often either be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
observations, the PSF can often either be
```

simulated, given a model of the telescope and detector, or inferred
directly from the data by observing far distant objects,
which appear as a point source to the instrument.

While in other branches of astronomy deconvolution methods are already part
of the standard analysis, such as the CLEAN algorithm for radio data, developed
by :cite:`Hogbom1974`, this
is not the case for X-ray and gamma-ray astronomy. As any deconvolution method

> aims to enhance small scale structures in an image it becomes increasingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aims to enhance small-scale structures in an image, it becomes increasingly
```

hard to solve for the regime of low signal to noise ratio, where small

> scale structures are more affected by noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hard to solve for the regime of low signal-to-noise ratio, where small-scale
 structures are more affected by noise.
```

The Deconvolution Problem
-------------------------

Basic Statistical Model
+++++++++++++++++++++++
Assuming the data in each pixel :math:`d_i` in the recorded counts image
follows a Poisson distribution, the total likelihood of obtaining the
measured image from a model image of the expected counts :math:`\lambda_i` with
:math:`N` pixels is given by:

.. math::
   :label: poisson

>    \mathcal{L}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \prod_i^N \frac{{e^{ - d_i } \lambda_i ^ {d_i}}}{{d_i!}}

Reviewer: Here and in the following, the equations are still not considered as part of the sentence. The more correct way of writing it would be here
```suggestion
   \mathcal{L}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \prod_i^N \frac{{e^{ - d_i } \lambda_i ^ {d_i}}}{{d_i!}}.
```
Indeed, the equation finished the previous sentence, so there is a need for a final point.
I have not highlighted other occurrences, but this should be changed in all 7 equations.

>    \mathcal{L}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \prod_i^N \frac{{e^{ - d_i } \lambda_i ^ {d_i}}}{{d_i!}}

Reviewer: Another minor comment is that `e` here is not a variable, so it should probably be in roman.
```suggestion
   \mathcal{L}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \prod_i^N \frac{{{\rm e}^{ - d_i } \lambda_i ^ {d_i}}}{{d_i!}}
```
Alternatively, you could use the `exp` macro:
```suggestion
   \mathcal{L}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{\lambda} \right) = \prod_i^N \frac{{\exp{ - d_i } \lambda_i ^ {d_i}}}{{d_i!}}
```

By taking the logarithm, dropping the constant terms and inverting the sign one can transform the
product into a sum over pixels, which is also often called the *Cash* :cite:`Cash1979`
fit statistics:

.. math::
   :label: cash

   \mathcal{C}\left(\mathbf{\lambda} | \mathbf{d} \right) = \sum_i^N (\lambda_i - d_i \log{\lambda_i})

> Where the expected counts :math:`\lambda_i` are given by the convolution of the true underlying

Reviewer: Here `Where` continues the previous sentence that spans around Eq. (2), so it should be lowercase.

flux distribution :math:`x_i` with the PSF :math:`p_k`:

.. math::
   :label: simplemodel

   \lambda_i = \sum_k x_i p_{i - k}

This operation is often called "forward modelling" or "forward folding" with the instrument response.

> Richardson Lucy (RL)

Reviewer: It is a bit bizarre to simply name the section “Richardson Lucy” as it gives no clue as to what RL actually is. Please consider rephrasing to encode in the title what the section is about, without requiring the reader to know the RL method or to have read the section.

++++++++++++++++++++

> To obtain the most likely value of :math:`\mathbf{x}_n` given the data one searches a maximum of the total likelihood

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the most likely value of :math:`\mathbf{x}_n` given the data, one searches a maximum of the total likelihood
```
In addition, if you are looking for _the_ most likely value of `x_n`, aren't you instead trying the find _the_ maximum of the total likelihood function?

Author: I think I addressed this comment independently already. Indeed one searches for the maximum of the likelihood function or equivalently the minimum of the negative log likelihood.

function, or equivalently a of minimum :math:`\mathcal{C}`. This high dimensional optimization problem
can e.g., be solved by a classic gradient descent approach. Assuming the pixels values :math:`x_i`

> of the true image as independent parameters, one can take the derivative of the Eq.  :ref:`cash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the true image as independent parameters, one can take the derivative of Eq. :ref:`cash`
```

with respect to the individual :math:`x_i`. This way one obtains a rule for how to update the
current set of pixels :math:`\mathbf{x}_n` in each iteration of the optimization:

.. math::
   :label: rl

   \mathbf{x}_{n + 1}  = \mathbf{x}_{n} -\alpha \cdot \frac{\partial \mathcal{C}\left( \mathbf{d} | \mathbf{x} \right)}{\partial x_i}

> Where :math:`\alpha` is a factor to define the step size. This method is in general

Reviewer: same comment as above here that the sentence cannot start with a capital letter since it is the continuation of the previous one.

> equivalent to the gradient decent and backpropagation methods used in modern machine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
equivalent to the gradient descent and backpropagation methods used in modern machine
```

learning techniques. This basic principle of solving the deconvolution problem for
images with Poisson noise was proposed by :cite:`Richardson1972` and :cite:`Lucy1974`.
Their method, named after the original authors, is often known as the *Richardson & Lucy* (RL)

> method. It was shown by :cite:`Richardson1972` that this converges to a maximum

Reviewer: Same comment here as above: does it converge to the maximum of the likelihood function, or to a maximum of it? Once you have settled that question, please do a careful read of the paper to ensure all occurrences use either `the maximum` or `a maximum`.

Author: "A maximum" is correct here in the sense that it can be a local maximum of the likelihood function. There is no guarantee for RL to converge to a global one and, most important, without the use of prior information there will be many local maxima, associated to badly reconstructed image as explained on the following section.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps make it clearer by saying "converges to a local maximum"

likelihood solution of Eq. :ref:`cash`. A Python implementation of the standard RL method

> is available e.g. in the `Scikit-Image` package :cite:`skimage`.

Reviewer: The text would read better if the occurrences of `e.g.` within sentences were replaced by `for example`. This applies here, above and below, but note that I would not recommend replacing those `e.g.` within parenthesis (e.g. like here).

> Instead of the iterative, gradient decent based optimization it is also possible to sample from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of the iterative, gradient descent based optimization it is also possible to sample from
```

> the posterior distribution using a simple Metropolis-Hastings approach and uniform

Reviewer 2: The reference to Metropolis-Hastings is still missing (see my pevious [comment](https://github.com/scipy-conference/scipy_proceedings/pull/709#discussion_r907123495)).

Author: Resolved

> prior. This is demonstrated in one of the *Pylira* online tutorials (`Introduction to Deconvolution using MCMC Methods <https://pylira.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pylira/user/tutorials/notebooks/mcmc-deconvolution-intro.html>`__).

Reviewer: This section missed an explanation of the need for the RL method. Could you motivate the use of RL compared to classical gradient descent methods? Also when using uniform priors, one still puts some priors on the range of the values to be sampled with the MCMC. Does this matter?

RL Reconstruction Quality
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
While technically the RL method converges to a maximum likelihood solution, it mostly
still results in poorly restored images, especially if extended emission regions are
present in the image. The problem is illustrated in Fig. :ref:`rl` using

> a simulated example image. While for a low number of iterations the RL method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a simulated example image. While for a low number of iterations, the RL method
```

still results in a smooth intensity distribution, the structure of the image
decomposes more and more into a set of point-like sources with growing number
of iterations.

> Because of the PSF convolution an extended emission region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the PSF convolution, an extended emission region
```

can decompose into multiple nearby point sources and still lead to good model prediction,

> when compared with the data. Those almost equally good solutions correspond

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit unclear. Is the solution good in terms of maximizing the likelihood function, yet it still is a bad reconstruction?

Author: Yes, this is exactly the point! I'll see how to make this more clear...

to many narrow local minima or "spikes" in the global likelihood surface. Depending
on the start estimate for the reconstructed image :math:`\mathbf{x}` the RL method will follow
the steepest gradient and converge towards the nearest narrow local minimum.
This problem has been described by multiple authors, such as :cite:`Reeves1994`
and :cite:`Fish95`.

.. figure:: images/richardson-lucy.png
   :scale: 90%
   :figclass: bht

   The images show the result of the RL algorithm applied to a simulated example dataset
   with varying numbers of iterations. The image in the upper left shows the simulated
   counts. Those have been derived from the ground truth (upper mid) by convolving with
   a Gaussian PSF of width :math:`\sigma=3~\mathrm{pix}` and applying Poisson noise to
   it. The illustration uses the implementation of the RL algorithm from the `Scikit-Image`
   package :cite:`skimage`.  :label:`rl`

Multi-Scale Prior & LIRA
++++++++++++++++++++++++
One solution to this problem was described in :cite:`Esch2004`

> and :cite:`Connors2011`. First the simple forward folded model described

Reviewer: What is the "forward folded model"? 

```suggestion
and :cite:`Connors2011`. First, the simple forward folded model described
```
Please also define the exposition `e_i` and the background component `b_i` and briefly describe for non-astronomers what those represent physically.

in Eq. :ref:`simplemodel` can be extended by taking into account the
non-uniform exposure :math:`e_i` and an additional known
background component :math:`b_i`:

.. math::
   :label: model

   \lambda_i = \sum_k \left( e_i \cdot (x_i + b_i) \right) p_{i - k}

The background :math:`b_i` can be more generally understood
as a "baseline" image and thus include known structures,

> which are not of interested for the deconvolution process.

Reviewer 3: not of **interest** for the deconvolution process

> E.g., a bright point source to model the core of an AGN

Reviewer: This sentence is very jargony - people outside of extragalactic astronomy probably do not know what an AGN is. Could you find examples that make sense to astronomers? Alternatively, I would suggest removing this sentence altogether as the previous one is already clear.

while studying its jets.

> Second the authors proposed to extend the Poisson log-likelihood

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, the authors proposed to extend the Poisson log-likelihood
```

> function (Equation :ref:`cash`) by a log-prior term that controls the

Reviewer: The sentence is not well constructed. It should probably read `to extend the […] function with […]`.
In addition, throughout the text, you have referred to equations as `Eq. 2` rather than `Equation 2`, please check this is done consistently.

smoothness of the reconstructed image on multiple spatial scales.
Starting from the full resolution, the image pixels :math:`x_i` are collected
into 2 by 2 groups :math:`Q_k`. The four pixel values associated with each group
are divided by their sum to obtain a grid of “split proportions”
with respect to the image down-sized by a factor of two along both

> axes. This process is repeated using the down sized image with pixel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
axes. This process is repeated using the downsized image with pixel
```
I am not sure I understand the process here. Above, you mention that the four pixels of each group are divided by their sum but here you instead say that each pixel in the downsampled image is the _sum_ of the 2x2 pixels.

> values equal to the sums over the 2 by 2 groups from the full-resolution

Reviewer: The paragraph would probably read better if using `$2\times 2$` above and below, instead of `2 by 2` in this paragraph and `2x2` in the next. In any case, please make the notation consistent.

> image, and the the process continues until the resolution of the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image, and the process continues until the resolution of the image
```

is only a single pixel, containing the total sum of the full-resolution
image. This multi-scale representation is illustrated in Fig. :ref:`ms-levels`.

For each of the 2x2 groups of the re-normalized images
a Dirichlet distribution is introduced as a prior:

.. math::
   :label: dirichlet

>     \phi_k \propto \mathrm{Dirichlet}(\alpha_k, \alpha_k, \alpha_k, \alpha_k)

Reviewer: The Dirichlet distribution is in general defined as `\mathrm{Dirichlet}(x_1, \dots, x_K; \alpha_1, \dots, \alpha_K)`. What values for `\alpha` are you using here?

In addition, the mathematical notation to stipulate a given value is drawn from a distribution is `\sim` rather than `\propto`. If this indeed the intention, please replace the proto symbol with a sim symbol in this equation.

and multiplied across all 2x2 groups and resolution levels :math:`k`.
For each resolution level a smoothing parameter :math:`\alpha_k` is introduced.

> These hyper-parametes can be interpreted as having an information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These hyper-parameters can be interpreted as having an information
```

content equivalent of adding :math:`\alpha_k` "hallucinated" counts
in each grouping. This effectively results in a smoothing
of the image at the given resolution level. The distribution

> of `\alpha` values at each resolution level is the further described

Reviewer: Should this be a math expression?
```suggestion
of :math:`\alpha` values at each resolution level is the further described
```

by a hyper-prior distribution:

.. math::
   :label: hyperprior

>     p(\alpha_k) = \exp{(-\delta \alpha^3 / 3)}

Reviewer: The left-hand side uses `alpha_k` while the right-hand side uses `alpha`. Is this the same quantity?
In addition, could you comment on the peculiar choice of distribution used here, and on the value of `\delta`?

Resulting in a fully hierarchical Bayesian model. A more complete and
detailed description of the prior definition is given in :cite:`Esch2004`.

.. figure:: images/ms-levels.png
   :scale: 80%
   :figclass: bht

>    The image illustrates the multi-scale decomposition used in the LIRA prior for

Reviewer: I would suggest writing down the formula linking Q_1 to Lambda_11, Lambda_21, Lambda_12 and Lambda_22 if there is a simple expression.

   a 4x4 pixels example image. Each quadrant of 2x2 sub-images is labelled with
   :math:`Q_N`. The sub-pixels in each quadrant are labelled :math:`\Lambda_{ij}`.
   :label:`ms-levels`.

> The problem is then solved by using a Gibbs MCMC sampling approach.

Reviewer: The acronym MCMC has not been defined at this point. And what exact problem are you referring to here? Does the MCMC sampling have to be a Gibbs MCMC sampling?

After a "burn-in" phase the sampling
process typically reaches convergence and starts sampling from the
posterior distribution. The reconstructed image is then computed as the mean of the
posterior samples. As for each pixel a full distribution of its values is available,
the information can also be used to compute the associated error of the reconstructed

> value. This is another main advantage over RL or Maxium A-Postori (MAP) algorithms.

Reviewer: This sentence would be clearer if you explicitly said _what_ has an advantage over RL or Maximum A-Posteriori. Note that you have a typo in the spelling of the latter method in your text, and that MAP hasn't been mentioned at all anywhere else.

The Pylira Package
------------------

Dependencies & Development
++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The *Pylira* package is a thin Python wrapper around the original *LIRA* implementation provided by
the authors of :cite:`Connors2011`. The original algorithm was implemented in *C* and made available
as a package for the *R Language* :cite:`rmath`. Thus the implementation depends on the *RMath* library,

> which is still a required dependency to *Pylira*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is still a required dependency of *Pylira*.
```

The Python wrapper was built using the *Pybind11* :cite:`pybind11` package, which allows to reduce

> the code overhead introduced by the wrapper to a minimum. For the data handling *Pylira*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the code overhead introduced by the wrapper to a minimum. For the data handling, *Pylira*
```

> relies on *Numpy* :cite:`numpy` arrays for the serialisation to the *FITS*  data format

Reviewer: This sentence appears to be broken: pylira relies on numpy to handle data and on astropy to serialise to FITS?

on *Astropy* :cite:`Astropy2018`. The (interactive)
plotting functionality is achieved via *Matplotlib* :cite:`matplotlib` and *Ipywidgets* :cite:`ipywidgets`,
which are both optional dependencies. *Pylira* is openly developed on Github  at `https://github.com/astrostat/pylira <https://github.com/astrostat/pylira>`__.
It relies on *GitHub Actions* as a continuous integration service and uses the *Read the Docs* service
to build and deploy the documentation. The online documentation can be found on `https://pylira.readthedocs.io <https://pylira.readthedocs.io>`__.
*Pylira* implements a set of unit tests to assure compatibility and reproducibility of the

> results with different versions of the dependencies and across different platforms.

Reviewer: The mention of github action should probably follow this sentence since I assume that the GitHub actions run those unit tests?

Reviewer: While reading the tests, I noticed that the test for extended sources is marked as failing. Is this a solved problem? In addition, are the tests unit tests or end-to-end tests?

> As *Pylira* relies on random sampling for the MCMC process an exact reproducibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As *Pylira* relies on random sampling for the MCMC process, an exact reproducibility
```
Couldn't this be solved (at least on Github Actions) by fixing a random seed? If there is a deeper limitation, could you discuss it here?

of results is hard to achieve on different platforms; however the agreement of results
is at least guaranteed in the statistical limit of drawing many samples.

Installation
++++++++++++
*Pylira* is available via the Python package index (`pypi.org <https://pypi.org/project/pylira/>`__),
currently at version 0.1. As *Pylira* still depends on the *RMath* library, it is required to install
this first. So the recommended way to install Pylira is on *MacOS* is:

.. code-block:: bash
   :linenos:

    $ brew install r
    $ pip install pylira

> On *Linux* the *RMath* dependency can be installed using standard package managers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On *Linux* the *RMath* dependency can be installed using standard package managers. For example on Ubuntu, one would do
```

.. code-block:: bash
   :linenos:

    $ sudo apt-get install r-base-dev r-base r-mathlib
    $ pip install pylira

For more detailed instructions see `Pylira installation instructions <https://pylira.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pylira/index.html#installation>`__.

API & Subpackages
+++++++++++++++++
*Pylira* is structured in multiple sub-packages. The :code:`pylira.src` module contains the original
C implementation and the *Pybind11* wrapper code. The :code:`pylira.core` sub-package
contains the main Python API, :code:`pylira.utils` includes utility functions for
plotting and serialisation. And :code:`pylira.data` implements multiple pre-defined
datasets for testing and tutorials.

Analysis Examples
-----------------

Simple Point Source
+++++++++++++++++++
*Pylira* was designed to offer a simple Python class based user interface,

> which allows for a short learning curve of using the package, given that
> users are familiar with Python in general and more specifically *Numpy*.
> A typical complete usage example of the *Pylira* package is shown in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which allows for a short learning curve of using the package for
users who are familiar with Python in general and more specifically with *Numpy*.
A typical complete usage example of the *Pylira* package is shown in the
```

    # finally serialise the result
    result.write("result.fits")

The main interface is exposed via the :code:`LIRADeconvolver` class, which takes the configuration of
the algorithm on initialisation. Typical configuration parameters include the total number of
iterations :code:`n_iter_max` and the number of "burn-in" iterations, to be excluded from the
posterior mean computation. The data, represented by a simple Python :code:`dict` data structure,
contains a :code:`"counts"`, :code:`"psf"` and optionally :code:`"exposure"` and :code:`"background"` array.
The dataset is then passed to the :code:`LIRADeconvolver.run()` method to execute the deconvolution.
The result is a :code:`LIRADeconvolverResult` object, which features the possibility to write the
result as a *FITS* file, as well as to inspect the result with diagnostic plots. The result of
the computation is shown in the left panel of Fig. :ref:`diagnosis1`.

Diagnostic Plots
++++++++++++++++

.. figure:: images/pylira-diagnosis-pixel.pdf
   :scale: 60%
   :align: center
   :figclass: w

   The curves show the traces of value the pixel of interest for a simulated point source and its neighboring

>    pixels (see code example). The image on the left shows the posterior mean. The white circle in the image

Reviewer: The right image is missing a label for the y axis. If there is a truth value here, it would be great to display it in the right-hand panel. Also, could you display the original input image for comparison?

   shows the circular region defining the neighboring pixels. The blue line on the right plot shows the trace

>    of the pixel of interest. The solid horizontal orange line shows the mean value (excluding burn-in) of the pixel across

Reviewer: Note that at some locations you use `burn in` rather than `burn-in`. Please consider homogenising.

   all iterations and the shaded orange area the :math:`1~\sigma` error region. The burn in phase is shown
   in transparent blue and ignored while computing the mean. The shaded gray lines show the traces of the
   neighboring pixels.  :label:`diagnosis1`

To validate the quality of the results *Pylira* provides many built-in diagnostic plots.
One of these diagnostic plot is shown in the right panel of Fig. :ref:`diagnosis1`. The plot shows the
image sampling trace for a single pixel of interest and its surrounding circular region of interest.

> This visualisation allows user to asses the stability of a small region in the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This visualisation allows the user to assess the stability of a small region in the image
```

e.g. an astronomical point source during the MCMC sampling process. Due to the correlation with

> neighbouring pixels the actual value of a pixel might vary in the sampling process, which appears

Reviewer: ```suggestion
neighbouring pixels, the actual value of a pixel might vary in the sampling process, which appears
```

> as "dips" in the trace of the pixel of interest and anti-correlated "peaks" in the one or mutiple

Reviewer: The end of the sentence is not well constructed.

> of the surrounding pixels. In the example a stable state of the pixels of interest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the surrounding pixels. In the example of Figure …, a stable state of the pixels of interest
```

> is reached after approximately 1000 iterations. This suggests the number of burn-in iterations, which
> were defined beforehand, should be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is reached after approximately 1000 iterations. This suggests that the number of burn-in iterations, which
was defined beforehand, should be increased.
```

.. figure:: images/pylira-diagnosis.pdf
   :scale: 70%
   :align: center
   :figclass: w

   The curves show the traces of the log posterior
   value as well as traces of the values of the prior parameter values. The *SmoothingparamN* parameters
   correspond to the smoothing parameters :math:`\alpha_N` per multi-scale level. The solid horizontal orange lines show the mean
   value, the shaded orange area the :math:`1~\sigma` error region. The burn in phase is shown transparent and ignored
   while estimating the mean.  :label:`diagnosis2`

> *Pylira* relies on an MCMC sampling approach to sample a series of reconstructed images from the posterior

Reviewer: This paragraph seems out of place. You have already explained extensively that it uses MCMC and relies on some hyper-parameters, ... Please consider moving this up to the beginning of the section `The Pylira package`.

> likelihood defined by Eq. :ref:`cash`. Along with the sampling it marginalises over the smoothing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
likelihood defined by Eq. :ref:`cash`. Along with the sampling, it marginalises over the smoothing
```

> hyper-parameters and optimizes them in the same process. To diagnose the validity of the results it is

Reviewer: I would suggest rephrasing this sentence to say how pylira achieves this instead of merely stating a common problem.

important to visualise the sampling traces of both the sampled images as well as hyper-parameters.

Figure :ref:`diagnosis2` shows another typical diagnostic plot created by the code example above.
In a multi-panel figure user can inspect the traces of the total log-posteriror as well as the
traces of the smoothing parameters. Each panel corresponds to the smoothing hyper parameter
introduced for each level of the multi-scale representation of the reconstructed image.
The figure also shows the mean value along with the :math:`1~\sigma` error
region. In this case the algorithm show stable convergence after a burn-in phase of approximately 200

> iterations for the log-posterior as well as all of the multi-scale smoothing parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multi-panel figure, the user can inspect the traces of the total log-posterior as well as the
traces of the smoothing parameters. Each panel corresponds to the smoothing hyper parameter
introduced for each level of the multi-scale representation of the reconstructed image.
The figure also shows the mean value along with the :math:`1~\sigma` error
region. In this case, the algorithm shows stable convergence after a burn-in phase of approximately 200
iterations for the log-posterior as well as all of the multi-scale smoothing parameters.
```

Astronomical Analysis Examples
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Both in the X-ray as well as gamma-ray regime the Galactic Center is a complex emission
region. It shows point sources, extended sources, as well as underlying diffuse emission and

> thus represents a challenge for any astronomical data analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both in the X-ray as well as in the gamma-ray regime, the Galactic Center is a complex emission
region. It shows point sources, extended sources, as well as underlying diffuse emission and
thus represents a challenge for any astronomical data analysis.
```

> *Chandra* is a spaced based X-ray observatory, which is in operation since 1999. It consists
> of nested cylindrical paraboloid and hyperboloid surfaces, which form an imaging optical system
> for X-rays. In the focal plane it has multiple instruments for different scientific purposes.
> This includes a high resolution camera (HRC) and an Advanced CCD Imaging Spectrometer (ACIS).
> The typical angular resolution is 0.5 arcsecond and the covered energy ranges from 0.1 - 10 keV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Chandra* is a space-based X-ray observatory, which has been in operation since 1999. It consists
of nested cylindrical paraboloid and hyperboloid surfaces, which form an imaging optical system
for X-rays. In the focal plane, it has multiple instruments for different scientific purposes.
This includes a high-resolution camera (HRC) and an Advanced CCD Imaging Spectrometer (ACIS).
The typical angular resolution is 0.5 arcsecond and the covered energy ranges from 0.1 - 10 keV.
```

Figure :ref:`chandra-gc` shows the result of the *Pylira* algorithm applied to Chandra data
of the Galactic Center region between 0.5 and 7 keV. The PSF was obtained from simulations
using the *simulate_psf* tool from the official Chandra science tools *ciao 4.14* :cite:`Fruscione2006`.
The algorithm achieves both an improved spatial resolution as well as a reduced noise
level and higher contrast of the image in the right panel compared to the unprocessed
counts data shown in the left panel.

.. figure:: images/pylira-chandra-gc.pdf
   :scale: 70%
   :figclass: w

   Pylira applied to Chandra ACIS data of the Galactic Center region, using the observation IDs
   *4684* and *4684*. The image on the left shows the raw observed counts between
   0.5 and 7 keV. The image on the right shows the deconvolved version. The LIRA hyperprior
   values were chosen as *ms\_al\_kap1=1, ms\_al\_kap2=0.02, ms\_al\_kap3=1*.

>    No baseline background model was included.  :label:`chandra-gc`

Reviewer: How did you decide which value of `ms_al_kap` to use?

As a second example we use data from the Fermi Large Area Telescope (LAT). The Fermi-LAT
is a satellite-based imaging gamma-ray detector, which covers an energy range
of 20 MeV to >300 GeV. The angular resolution varies strongly with energy and ranges

> from 0.1 to >10 degree [#]_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a second example, we use data from the Fermi Large Area Telescope (LAT). The Fermi-LAT
is a satellite-based imaging gamma-ray detector, which covers an energy range
of 20 MeV to >300 GeV. The angular resolution varies strongly with energy and ranges
from 0.1 to >10 degree [#]_.
```

Figure :ref:`fermi-gc` shows the result of the *Pylira* algorithm applied to Fermi-LAT data
above 1 GeV to the region around the Galactic Center. The PSF
was obtained from simulations using the *gtpsf* tool from the official *Fermitools v2.0.19* :cite:`Fermitools2019`.

> First one can see that the algorithm achieves again a considerable improvement of the spatial resolution
> compared to the raw counts. It clearly resolves multiple point sources left to the
> the bright Galactic Center source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, one can see that the algorithm achieves again a considerable improvement in the spatial resolution
compared to the raw counts. It clearly resolves multiple point sources left to the
bright Galactic Center source.
```

.. [#] https://www.slac.stanford.edu/exp/glast/groups/canda/lat_Performance.htm

.. figure:: images/pylira-fermi-gc.pdf
   :scale: 70%
   :figclass: w

   Pylira applied to Fermi-LAT data from the Galactic Center region. The image on
   the left shows the raw measured counts between 5 and 1000 GeV. The image on the right
   shows the deconvolved version. The LIRA hyperprior values were chosen as

>    *ms\_al\_kap1=1, ms\_al\_kap2=0.02, ms\_al\_kap3=1*. A baseline background model
>    was not included.  :label:`fermi-gc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *ms\_al\_kap1=1, ms\_al\_kap2=0.02, ms\_al\_kap3=1*. No baseline background model
   was included.  :label:`fermi-gc`
```
